There’s this kind of magic that happens
when you perform with other people.
And I think it happens all the time
here at TCNJ
because the environment is so dedicated
toward student success.
We are not a conservatory
or a conservatory-style university,
but our students perform
like conservatory students.
I am always impressed
by what our department is able to do
and the quality of programming,
the quality of teaching and learning,
and the quality of performance.
People see that
and people are hearing that,
and so as our ensembles have grown,
as our enrollments have grown,
it’s created some really great problems
that I'm excited for us to solve.
During our last accreditation
visit in 2020, one of their charges to us
was that we needed to address and find
a solution to our rehearsal spaces
and to make certain
that we have facilities
that are both safe acoustically
and that meet the needs of our students.
We used to have a designated
rehearsal space in the Music Building,
but because our program is so large now,
that space is no longer safe to use
because of how loud it is in there
when we all play together.
So as a temporary fix, we’ve been bouncing
back and forth between Mayo Concert Hall
and the main stage at Kendall,
but there’s often conflicts
with a lot of other campus activities.
Students need to move equipment
from the Music Building to Kendall Hall
for every rehearsal and performance.
And as we look ahead with this project
and the new building,
this is going to be,
you know, a point of pride for us.
I think one thing
that’s absolutely essential
to have when you’re making music
together is a designated shared space
where we can say, this is our space,
this is our home,
this is the place where we can come
sit down and make the magic happen.
I certainly know it’s
going to take a team effort
and it’s going to take the support
of our community, of our alumni,
of our friends
to bring this new facility to life.
And so,
I’m grateful for the number of people
I’ve met already
who have bought into this,
who have invested in it.
I’m so excited by the prospect
that future students will get to rehearse
in a space like this.